Add steps for indexing troubleshooting (#2367)
Shopify/ruby-lsp: TROUBLESHOOTING.md

Is there any extra information given from booting the server manually? Or does it only fail when booting through the
extension?

> ## Indexing ##

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Indexing
```

When Ruby LSP starts, it attempts to index your code as well as your dependencies as described in [Configuring code indexing](README.md#configuring-code-indexing).

> In rare cases, Ruby LSP will encounter an error which prevents parsing from completing, meaning Ruby LSP cannot start.

Reviewer: We rescue all indexing errors, so that the language server doesn't crash. The only consequence of an indexing failure is incomplete indexing data.
```suggestion
In rare cases, Ruby LSP will encounter an error which prevents indexing from completing, which will result in incomplete information in the editor.
```

Firstly, ensure that you are using the latest release of the `ruby-lsp` gem, as the problem may have been already fixed.

> To diagnose the particular file(s) causing a problem, run `ruby-lsp --doctor`. Please log an issue so that we we can address it. If the code is not open source then you can try write a minimal reproduction.

Reviewer 2: I think we should require a minimal repro, not just ask them to try.

```suggestion
To diagnose the particular file(s) causing a problem, run `ruby-lsp --doctor`. Please log an issue so that we can address it. If the code is not open source then please provide a minimal reproduction.
```
